He sat bolt upright. He was in a cold sweat as if he had been having another 
nightmare, but he didn't remember having one, and they weren't the kind of things 
you could forget no matter how hard you tried.

The house was silent, and he was about to roll back over and go to sleep when he 
noticed that there was a light coming into his room from under the bathroom door. 
It was very faint, too faint to be a normal light, but then again the electricity 
in his apartment had been on the fritz for some time now, maybe the light was 
only half on. But then again, the light was ONLY coming in from under the door, 
which didn't make much sense since the door was so poorly fitted.

He would have suspected that the old door had been destroyed by the previous 
tenent and the cheap landlord had just choosen the cheapest one, regardless of if 
it fit or not, but the door to the bathroom, asside from how it fit with the 
doorway, was actually one of the few things in the apartment that didn't look 
like it had been choosen for being the cheapest possible option. Whereas the 
other things in the apartment were stained (despite is best efforts to clean), 
flimsy and cheap, this door was clean, solid wood and judging by the weight of 
it, fairly expensive. It had also always struck him as very strang even asside 
from how out of place it was. For one, it didn't feel like wood. The texture of 
it was too smooth, it would have been a sheer block if not for the decorative 
carvings that surounded the edges and the handle. The handle was another thing, 
it seemed to be made of iron and was cast into a smooth, tapering latch, with the 
very edge being almost a point, one which he had almost stabbed himself on a 
couple times while drunk. In fact, that was mostly the only time he used the 
door, otherwise he used the other door, not just to avoid the pointed handle, but 
also because the thing was constantly cold, no matter the temperature of the 
apartment, and a hand made cold by it didn't seem to warm up as quickly as one 
would expect.

He was pulled out of his considerations of the doors properties when he noticed 
that the light coming from under it was slowly getting brighter. Was the 
electricity slowing coming back on? But again, the light was only comeing from 
the bottom of the door.

"Alright guys, real funny, but jokes over, give me the key and get the fuck out, 
I have to go to work in the morning."

The only reply was for the light to pulse briefly and begin creeping up the edges 
of the door as it continuted to grow brighter.

"I said fuck off guys!"

Suddenly the door was light all the way around and started getting brighter 
faster, now far brighter than anything but a spotlight. All he could hear now was 
a high pitched ringing that was slowly getting louder but seemed to have no 
source, it masked even the sound of his own breath.

He jumped over the bed to grab a baseball bat, not knowing that he was expecting 
but feeling better for having it's weight in his hands.

The light continued to get brighter and brighter,  now lighting the entire room 
and slowly encroaching on the view of the actual door. For a brief moment the 
ringing stopped and he heard a deep metalic thud and rattle, as if a giant chain 
had beendropped on the floor of a large empty room, the the ringing started again.

He stood there for some time, staring at the door, holding his bat and hearing 
only the ringing, waiting for more noises to come, but they didn't. He found he 
could only look on anxiously for who knows how long, seemingly unable to will 
himself to make for the other door to his bedroom.

Slowly, a shadow moved across the outline of the door, blocking out first the 
left edge, a small sliver of both the top and bottom. It seemed too thin to be 
the shadow of a person, even moving sideways, or was that a trick of the light? 
Finally it blotted out the right side of the doors outline, but rahther than 
continuing on its smooth progression and leaving the doorway alltogether it 
stopped there. With horror he realized it had stopped on the same side of the 
door at the handle, and watching as it slowly turned, making a horrible creaking 
noise that seemed too loud for the small handle, or even the small apartment. He 
squared himself off to swing the bat at whatever came through the door, though he 
could feel in his heart that the thing wouldn't even notice, just as a blow in a 
dream carried no weight.

The door began to open.
