The forest was beautiful, for the first dozen days. It was around then that 
we began noticing the finer details, that no one had seen more than 10 feet 
in front of them in days, that the insects were getting large the deeper we 
delved, that the mules were taking more and more cajoling to force them on, 
and that our own party often looked back the way the mules strained for with 
just as much longing.
The old man insisted that we had more than twice as much food as we needed to 
cross the damned jungle; a hollow promise once you saw the frequency with 
which he checked the map and his looks of confusion and fear as he did so. By 
my count he had lost track of our position more than 4 days ago. In any other 
expedition the mutiny would have been long done with, and the remaining party 
well on its way back to civilization. But the Sup did not give up its prey as 
easily as other uncharted areas. No party had ever returned from more than 
one eighth of the depth of the great wood, and those with significantly fewer 
members. It took the greatest navigator in the world to muster a party 
willing to plumb its depths, and even then my hopeless and destitute 
companions far outnumbered those of us foolish enough to think ourselves 
great explorers.
I had drawn the short straw after our meager breakfast and was thus en 
pointe, clearing the way as best I could for the rest of the party through 
liberal use of a machete. It was tiring work, and often involved being cut or 
stuck upon whatever damned plant blocked our path.
When I saw the first glint in the distance I thought that I had seen my last. 
Images of unfriendly natives swinging all manner of weapons flooded my mind, 
washing away all other thoughts as I dropped low and signaled the sorry band 
behind me to do the same. I cannot say how long it was until I saw the glint 
again, and saw it for what it was, not the warm sheen of metal, but 
something... sharper, more concentrated. In any other place I would have 
called it the shine of water in the sun, but not having seen sunlight in 
nearly two fortnights I daren't hope it to be.
The greybeard must have seen the same thing as I, for he slowly made his way 
up the column and signaled for me to follow him ahead. We trekked for a good 
half hour before we could make anything of it other than fleeting glimpses of 
brightness in our world of dark undergrowth. It slowly shaped itself into a 
long narrow cone, with its point  about half as tall as the surrounding 
trees. It was as clear as still water and seemed to reflect an orange light 
which I could not source. One look at the slack jawed awe on the normally 
austere gaffer's face told me that I knew as much as he about this bizarre 
formation.
Suddenly the forest seemed to end, replaced instead by a deep crater with 
high, steep walls. Atrophied though my sense of scale was by disuse I 
estimated the crater to measure more than 3 leagues to the center. My first 
instinct was to look up, into the sun which I hadn't seen for nigh on a 
month. As any fool can tell you this ended in near blindness, forcing me to 
quickly cover my eyes and look down from the blazing sun into the depths of 
the valley.

But my eyes didn't find any rest there either, scattered in the valley floor 
below were thousands and thousands of structures made of the same clear 
material as the spire which had brought us here (though none quite so tall as 
that), each reflecting a different color of the rainbow, and some I had had 
no names for. Each of the things was different from it's neighbor, some with 
smooth edges or none at all, others looks sharp enough that they might have 
been the weapons of some ancient giant. Yet when looked at as a whole they 
all seemed a part of a unit, the heights slowly rising and falling as their 
swept across the vast collection made it seem like some vast stationary wave, 
frozen solid for all time. 

My aged companion had taken his looking glass from his pack and was sweeping 
it over the crater with the excitement of a child. "Look at this!" he 
whispered, handing the glass. Once I gained my focus I found myself looking 
up close at one of the things. As I slowly moved the glass over the building 
I saw a smooth surface, unmarred by any imperfections or anomalies, save one. 
At the very base, in the gap between that crystal and the next there was a 
hole. As perfectly shaped as the rest of the thing, and no less elegant, but 
a hole. 
"They're DOORS!" crowed my partner, all sense of stealth given up "This is a 
CITY! The greatest city the world has ever known!".
"But how could you possibly supply a city of that size from the forest, 
there's not even a clear path in or out!"
"Look at what they DID you fool, hundreds of thousands, maybe a MILLION 
perfectly smooth, perfectly fitted buildings, made from some unknown thing, 
and with not a tool mark or meeting place or joint in sight, you think they 
had to worry about FOOD!?"

I looked back at the city, trying to take in its entire breadth and depth 
now. A single hawk flew low through one of the streets, appearing and 
disappearing behind the buildings. Though they seemed to be entirely see 
through the hawk still disappeared, and I noticed now that you couldn't see 
one building through another.

"Who could have done this?" I asked looking to the old navigator. I found him 
pulling a rope and harness from his pack
"Get the others, we're going to find out."
