3 years is a long time to wait for your purpose.

Waiting in silence, in darkness. Maybe once a month I saw blessed light. Only 
for an hour or so, to be honed; re-bound, but still it was sweet to know just 
a bit of home.

When the night came I thought I was back where I belonged. But of course that 
wasn't so. Though there was more light than I had seen in ages it was still a 
pale comparison.

He was slinking through a window when he drew me, link by link I left my 
velvet cage, drawn taught between his hands to prevent any noise. I swelled 
with anticipation, could the day have finally come when I could serve my 
cause and free the minor beings from their predators?

I drew myself back and focused. He needed me now, we had to work as one to 
achieve our common goal. That which I could not do alone he had to do for me, 
and I for him. I surveyed the hallway as he eased forward; there were many 
wards, and fresh, but none that posed a threat to him. The were sloppily 
applied, with no clear though or purpose. His quarry was hurried, all the 
more to our advantage.

He began staying toward a ward. I reached out to him, gently at first, but 
more persistently when he didn't respond. He didn't change course until the 
very last moment, when I was all but screaming.

He slowed, pressing himself against the wall as he approached a doorway. He 
had heard the beast before I sensed it. Though they didn't need to breath 
like the beings they once had been some of them still did, our of habit, to 
blend in, for nostalgia; who could say. The breath was shallow, as if it were 
at rest, and when my wielder leaned around the door I could see that it lay 
face-down in a pile of newspaper. I shone in anticipation as Brother Charles 
softly tread into the room.

Charles slowly let me down, gaining the slack he would need to being his 
attack while still keeping me as silent as possible. We were within 10 yards 
when one of my spikes grazed his thumb and drew the slightest bead of blood, 
but that was all it took.

The fiend was on it's feet before my aged conveyor had begun to spin me in a 
deadly arc. Charles lashed out at an apparent opening as the thing spin 
about, but a gnarled quarterstaff twisted into view and into my way. As soon 
as I touched it I knew it was my antipodal twin. It's thirst for darkness and 
gloom rivalled my own for light and joy. Our parley was brief as the un-dead 
spectre whirled his charge, throwing me off my course, and almost on a 
collision course with the priest. But he re-directed, keeping me in constant 
motion, moving this way and that unpredictably, varying speed slightly as 
well as direction, giving the thing no chance to know when and where it was 
safe to strike.

The Brother pressed the ghoul now, herding it toward the far end of the room, 
where the grime covered windows still let in more light than behoved his foe 
to see. As it backed away the thing tripped over a bit of refuse and nearly 
lost its balance, Charles attacked the opening and grazed the things 
shoulder. In that moment I knew true hell. All the agony and pain of 
millennia piled into those brief fractions of a second. Any other being would 
have retreated, but although all my instincts screamed out for me to draw 
back I in dove in. Eons of training drove me forward, diving deep into the 
misery and pain so I could gather it up and as I lost physical contact, yank 
it free from its wretched core.

It howled in pain as it lashed out at Charles, who was barely able to deflect 
the blow in time.

Neither of the actors was ready for this fight, be beast from weeks of being 
on the run from Charles and his order, and Charles from old age and soft 
living. The priest was breathing hard, and the vampire would have been too if 
the foul thing needed air. The attacks from both sides were becoming more 
desprate and wild, each of them leaving wide openings in their assault, saved 
from their foe only by mutual exhaustion.

Charles was barely standing now,  but still swung me true enough to land a 
final blow. The large spike at the end of my chain peirced the side of it's 
skull as I let fly a burst of energy to destroy the beast.Suddenly a darkness 
was lifted from the area as the thing disipated my evil twin clattered to the 
floor. My charge spent and my goal achieved I was released from my bondage 
and started to rise back home. It was only then when separated from my 
immortal coil that I saw Charles lying on the ground bleeding from the head. 
In one last spasm the thing had struck the man, who being to tired to 
continue passed out and dashed his head upon the concrete floor. It was a 
bitter victory indeed, those of Charles' order swear to give their lives to 
eradicate these monsters, but once still hates to see them fall. As I drew 
nearer to home though thoughts of Charles and his kind faded, and I could 
see, feel, and imagine only joy and contentment.