Garret knew instantly that someone was trying to kill him because 
the lock on his front door was straight up. Whenever he left his 
house he gave his key a little twist as he pulled it out so that it 
sat just off center. It was less conspicuous than other methods of 
checking for entry and not as often used, so it was easy to miss.

But knowing someone is trying to kill you and being able to do 
something about it are two separate things. Returning to his house 
was one of the few times Garret didn't have almost instant access 
to a gun, there were some stashed around his car and office, but 
leaving one outside his house sadly wasn't an option. He would have 
to move 10 feet into his house before he reached his first gun, but 
if he showed any sign of knowing the gig was up before then his 
assailant would stop waiting for the surest shot and act instantly. 
Instead he walked toward the the table in his foyer 
non-nonchalantly as if to place his keys in the bowl like he always 
did. When he reached the table however, instead of placing his keys 
in the bowl he dropped them and jammed his hand into vase which 
seemed to be purely decorative, but actually housed his silenced 
M1911.

Or at least it usually did. When he dropped in to a crouch behind 
the bulk of the table he found his hand empty. The attacker had 
found his gun, which meant that they also knew this would be the 
first place he stopped.

Garret dove for the corner to his left as a silenced shot rang out 
from the second floor landing. He was a split second too late, the 
shot that fractions of a second before would have struck his heart 
instead took a sizeable chunk out of his arm before lodging in the 
wall. As soon as he was out of view behind the wall he rose to a 
crouch and made for the couch, grabbing a letter opener along the 
way. As he reached the couch he grabbed a cushion and tumbled over 
the back. As he did so he could barely hear the sound of someone 
moving quickly but quietly down the stairs. Using the letter opener 
he cut a large hole in the cushion and stuck his hand in to find 
the cold relief of his Glock 29. He levelled the Glock at the door 
he had dove through, then thought better of it and took aim at the 
kitchen instead. He only waited there for a moment with the house 
in total silence before she quickly poked her head around the 
corner. She had dark skin and a round face, and her curly brown 
hair bobbed around the corner with her. He squeezed off a round as 
soon as he had adjusted his aim for her height, but she had already 
been drawing back and his round embedded in the counter.

They sat in silence for a moment before she offered "$500,000."

"For me? I wouldn't have taken it for less than 750k."

"Normally. It's a buyer's market."

"I hear that." Garret took aim at the general area of wall the 
voice was coming from and fired. He was rewarded with a sharp hiss. 
He was already on the move the way he had come and up the stairs. 
As he reached the top of the stairs he heard a faint step and dove 
down the hall as she fired a shot.

She was climbing the stairs quickly, he didn't have time to do 
anything but flatten himself against the wall and take aim at head 
level. As her leg rounded the corner he pulled the trigger, but was 
met with a dull click instead of the loud retort he had expected. 
As she rounded the corner levelling her own weapon he didn't even 
have time to clear the chamber and instead kicked the gun up out of 
her hand, causing a rain of dust and plaster as it fired into the 
ceiling. He brought the glock back up to clear it but she grabbed 
his arm and knocked it against the wall causing him to drop it.

She was pretty good, in all his years no-one had ever disarmed him. 
He broke her grip on his arm and took a swing at her side, which 
she side-stepped before taking her own swing at his head. They 
struck and parried like this for a while, each landing a few solid 
hits, but nothing to end the fight. Garett was slowly loosing 
ground however, being driven down the hall toward the guest 
bedroom. They were both loosing a fair bit of blood from their 
respective gunshot wounds, as well as various cuts and bruises and 
the each swing was a little slower as they tired. Garret entered 
the guest bedroom as he passed it to avoid being pinned against the 
end of the hall. As he stepped backward the hooked his leg out from 
under him and took him to the ground. There she tried to pin his 
arms with her knees, but only managed to straddle him he made a 
half-hearted attempt to throw her to the side, but what would have 
been a hard task at his prime was nearly impossible as his blood 
mixed with hers in a slowly growing pool on the floor. Instead he 
reached up to grab her by the wrists and managed to get both arms.

"You're good." he wheezed from under her weight.

"You're not bad either." she almost whispered as she tried to break 
his hold.

"It'd be a shame if we both bleed out while we wrestled here."

"Sure would." she grunted as she twisted right right arm against 
his injured left to make him let go, then freed her other while he 
scrambled to grab it back. He looked more surprised and interested 
than scared as he tried to re-restrain her. Running out of options, 
she used the last weapon available to her and head-butted him. As 
he went limp under her she caught her breath and bound her wound 
with a strip of his shirt. She tried to stand up to find a weapon 
to finish the job but collapsed back across him as a wave of 
dizziness hit her. She fought to stay awake, but the combination of 
the blood-loss from her torso and wooziness from even a properly 
applied head-butt were too much and she collapsed.

Some time later she woke up, though strangely not bound in any way. 
She tried to sit up but fell back down as pain shot from the hole 
in her abs. She looked down to see if her makeshift bandage had 
come loose only to find a proper, though slightly mess field 
dressing applied to it.

Remembering herself she looked around the room for Garret's body, 
but he was gone. Mindful of her wound this time she sat up and 
slowly stood. She heard rattling downstairs, so she cautiously made 
her way toward the kitchen. She tried to move as silently as 
possible, he still heard her coming.

"Hod up." He said as he turned around with a wooden spoon in his 
mouth, one hand holding a bloody bandage to his shoulder as the 
opposite hand held a red hot knife. His blood soaked shirt lay on 
the floor next to him, and with it off she could see the scars that 
were patched here and there over his torso. He pressed the knife 
first to the entry point, groaning as it sizzled. He tried 
awkwardly to reach the exit hole which was still bleeding 
significantly, but couldn't quite reach. After trying a few times 
he turned to her and held the knife out to her handle first.

She looked at him incredulously for a moment before feeling her own 
bandage and taking it from him. He lay across the counter as she 
cleaned it as best she could while re-heating the blade. Once it 
was just short of red again she the knife, trying to ignore the 
smell of charcoal as her quarry turned charge screamed quietly into 
his spoon on the table.

When it was done he took a heavy swig from a bottle of whiskey he 
had nearby as she stepped backward, still holding the knife.

"Why." she asked.

He put the bottle down and applied a new bandage while he answered. 
"The way you fought. Talking to the mark, only carrying one gun, 
patching yourself up instead of snapping my neck while I was out. 
You're heart isn't in this any more than mine is these days. I'm 
sure you didn't ask, but they sent you after me because I blew a 
mark." he took another swig of whiskey when he was finished with 
the bandage before sliding it down the counter to her. She regarded 
it for only a second before taking a heavy pull. "I can't just 
disappear any more than you can. We're both good, but there's 
always better. They'd keep coming unless-"

"It looked like we both died." she interrupted.

"Not easy, but I've got some strings to pull."

"How could we trust each other?"

"Phh, either of us could have killed the other at least once in the 
last 5 minutes no problem, frankly I trust you more than my own 
mother right now."

She looked him up and down as a smile slowly spread across her face 
"Ok, but I have one condition." she said as she dropped the knife 
and leaned in to bring him close for a long kiss. When they were 
done she finished "I need a fucking doctor."